1. Write a short paragraph comparing the two companies(Ace and United Industries) about their sizes and their products in particular.

Ace is a sporting goods company, which manufactures sport equipments such as tennis rackets, tennis balls, and fishing rods. Aces has two offices in the US, the one is in New York which is its head office, and there are 250 employees working in there. The other is in L.A, it has staff around 50. Also Ace has two factories, the biggest one is in Chicago, almost 5000 workers are employeed to work there. Another is in Miami. The main customers of Ace are general consumer, especially the Middle-class families. Also schools and other organizations are their customers. Because of their high quality products, Ace has been successful. And in recent years, its sales and profits has been increasing. However Ace has some competitors from Eurpo and Asia. As I said before, its products are well-made, Ace wins the market against the competitors.

United Industries is a company which manufactures rocket engines, satelite and aircraft parts. Both the main factory and the head office are located in Seattle Washton. Also there are two factories outside the US. The one is in Montreal, the other is in London. The workers employed by United totaled 25000 people. Of the products manufactured by United, some are used for military purpose. So some people don't like this company. Unfortunately those products are used too often. Its products are sold to different country.


2. Write a description of your company. 
This is the Mediatek company , in which I am working now. It was established in 1997, more than 16 years ago.  Mediatektek is an advanced technologies. designing ICs, integreted chips, which include the IC in cellphone, TV, tablelet, and blue disk player. Its main office is in Hsinchu, Taiwan. It also has many offices in America, Europe and China mainland. The Shenzhen subsidiary of Mediatek has more than 1000 employees. There aren't any factories owned by our company, it's fabless house. A fabless house is a company which is in charge of the designing. The production is uausally delievered to the foundry such as TSMC, another company which is only responsible to produce the ICs. The ICs designed at Mediatek is widely used in the consumer electronics. Many famous brands are Mediatek inside, such as Samsung, Panasonic, Sony, and LG. In recent years, because the smart devices  such as smart TV, smart phone have rapidly increased, its sales and profits have also increased. Its main competitors are some American companies, such as Broadcom, Qualcomm. However because of its high quality IC designing and reletive low selling price, Mediatek has been successful.

