Plenty of great changes have sprung up during the past decades, accompanying with our grandparents getting more elderly than before. Maybe some of us could think that our grandparents are supposed not to be as excellent as before, but I still insist on that they still play an important, even irreplaceable role in grandchildren's growth due to their carefulness, tolerance, and good charactersitic of judging.

There's one character attached to grandparents that are usefule but often ignored, that's their carefulness. They're often considered as slow pace, conservative ideas. However their carefulness might shock you. One thing that make a deep impression on me, which happened on my grandmother, is that my grandmother often picks some written errors out from my paper work. These errors include some spelling mistake, and syntax error and so forth. I guess you couldn't imagine this situation, if I didn't tell you that.

Another thing that gains grandchildren's welcome is their tolerance. Compared with most of parents, the quantity of grandparents' tolerance is extremely rich. Parents often present us a rigid face, while grandparents always smile to us. Note that this tolerance can act as a slope or bridge between our parents and us. For instance, my friend, Jason, his father is a police. His father not only treats criminal fiercely, but also Jason. It seems like Jason is a criminal instead of his son. When something wrong is made by Jason result from his noughtiness, his grandparents always keep him from serious punishment imposed by his father. No matter whether you believe or not, I can't imagine Jason can grow normally without his grandparents' help.

The last but not the least important thing that I want to mention is that grandparents often have a good characteristic of judging. Some serious consequence can be dug out from something that happen to us by their eagle eyes. Around us there're plenty of temptation, we may be deceived by them. Here's a example, when I was 15 years old, I made some special friends, and started to smoke. Fortunately this worse behavior was observed by my grandfather, he judged this by the cigarette smell. He didn't punish me, that surprised me. A more surprised thing is that he told me that when he was young, he was also addictive to cigarette. But with the increasing smoking, he felt his body became weaker and weaker, and he was readily ill. So he quit it. So I just follow his advice and quit it also.

To sum up, one advice I want to give some of grandchildren who think the grandparents can't afford their anything valuable, is that please cherish your grandparents.
