The aged, which already occupy apporximately one fourth of the whole population of the world, have in recent decades increasing at a gradually accelerated pace. The population ratio of the aged to the young that are far in excess of its normal level is called the aging of population. It has been estimated that an additional one fifth of the whole population of the world are now on the way to the aged.

The high aged ratio is accomplished primarily through the lower birth rate, as well as the lower death rate. In some regions, the young people are not willing to give birth to a child. In other regions, the thorough medical conditions gurantte the old people's long life.

The impact of this issue tends to add another financial burden on the government's shoulder. What comes to first is that the budget is greatly increasing, because of the tremendous cost for aged people's welfare, resulting in a promotion on revenue, so that more taxation are needed to be collected from the working people who are almost young. This often leads to some complaints against government.

There is no doubt that more attention should be payed into the aged people. Valuable efforts had been offered by them when they were young, now they're getting old, we should spend more consideration on them. These consideration subjects us to splitting more time from the work. The diminished work time contributes to less outcome. Simultaneously a lower efficiency results from this. To sum up, the more time we share with the aged, the less efficiency we get. Consequently we're now on the way back to the previous financial burden problem.

The extreme seriousness of the aged population has gained the governmnet's attention. Actually it's difficul to slow down this process. However in some areas where there are considerable aged people who still wish to continue their working, so government should carry out some plan such as flexible and shorten working time to encourage them to contribute their efforts to the society. Other solutions like this may ease the aged problem, and make the society more harmonious.
