The economic crisis, which already influences approximately the whole world, have
in recent decades increasing at a gradually accelerated pace. It gains government's
great attention, and some measurements to reduce the money are now being considered.
In my judgment costing down that happens to libraries could be the best choice for
government due to its less demand, slow effect and little impact on the people's life.

For one thing, there is one characteristic attached to the libraries is that most of
us don't have a strong demand on it. People often share their leisure time with the
libraries, little people are willing to spend more time on it while they're in the
deep swamp of economic crisis. So government should consider to cost down, even cut
off the budget for them, resulting from less demand on them. There's a story about
this. In some areas in China, the visitors flow rate of libraries is diminished during
the economic crisis, compared with the previous normal level. However, the money which
spends on them is identical with before. Difinitely this is a waste of resource.
Consequently the libraries decide to shorten his open time to reduce wasting. I guess
government will obtain more approval rather than dispproval about this.

For another, there is little doubt that you're not able to change yourself to a
scientist just because of your yesterday's reading work. Knowledge is accummulated
gradually. In some cases, it usually takes your year's time to digest some specific
book. During the period of economic crisis, government should carry out some plan
of certain industries such as service, manufacture instead of libraries, resulting
from slow effect of the stimulating to economics. For instance, professors in
university usually spend their whole life in libraries. It's a long time. Yet not
everyone is willing to overspend their time in libraries, not to mention that 
they want to be a professor. I'm in flavor of removing libraries from considerations
to stimulate economics.

Finally, what I want to mention is that libraries are not identical with the food or
water, which are not allowed to be absent in daily life. Maybe a long time no see
to libraries is just like a long no see to friends. It imposes little impact on the
people's life. Here's a case. Every semester, many students are blocked to enter to
libraries because some books are not returned by them. The reason is actually simple,
that they just forget to return them. Sometimes they can't even recall the book's name.
Maybe costing down to libraries will be forgotten quickly, like the unreturned books.

To sum up, reducing the budget on libraries is better than costing down on police or 
public transportation.
